helm-chart/README.md, before:

# Helm chart for Online Boutique

If you'd like to deploy Online Boutique via its Helm chart, you could leverage the following instructions.

**Warning:** Online Boutique's Helm chart is currently experimental. If you have feedback or run into issues, let us know inside [GitHub Issue #1319](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/issues/1319) or by creating a [new GitHub Issue](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/issues/new/choose).

First make sure you have followed steps 1-5 from [Quickstart Guide](./README.md).

Add the Datadog Helm Repository
```sh
helm repo add datadog https://helm.datadoghq.com
helm repo update
```

Create a Kubernetes secret with your API keys
```
kubectl create secret generic datadog-secret --from-literal api-key=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

Review the values inside [datadog-values.yaml](./datadog-values.yaml). 


Deploy Agent with the above configuration file.

```
helm install datadog-agent -f datadog-values.yaml datadog/datadog
```

Deploy the default setup of Online Boutique:
```sh
helm upgrade onlineboutique oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/online-boutique-ci/charts/onlineboutique \
    --install
```

If deployment has been successful you will be able to view the kubernetes hosts and containers on the dd platform.

Deploy advanced scenario of Online Boutique:
```sh
helm upgrade onlineboutique oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/online-boutique-ci/charts/onlineboutique \
    --install \
    --create-namespace \
    --set images.repository=us-docker.pkg.dev/my-project/containers/onlineboutique \
    --set frontend.externalService=false \
    --set redis.create=false \
    --set cartservice.database.type=spanner \
    --set cartservice.database.connectionString=projects/my-project/instances/onlineboutique/databases/carts \
    --set serviceAccounts.create=true \
    --set authorizationPolicies.create=true \
    --set networkPolicies.create=true \
    --set sidecars.create=true \
    --set frontend.virtualService.create=true \
    --set 'serviceAccounts.annotations.iam\.gke\.io/gcp-service-account=spanner-db-user@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com' \
    --set serviceAccounts.annotationsOnlyForCartservice=true \
    -n onlineboutique
```

For the full list of configurations, see [values.yaml](./values.yaml).

Reminder to delete your GKE cluster at the end
```
gcloud container clusters delete online-boutique \
  --project=${PROJECT_ID} --region=${REGION}
```

You could also find advanced scenarios with these blogs below:
- [Online Boutique sample’s Helm chart, to simplify the setup of advanced and secured scenarios with Service Mesh and GitOps](https://medium.com/google-cloud/246119e46d53)
- [gRPC health probes with Kubernetes 1.24+](https://medium.com/google-cloud/b5bd26253a4c)
- [Use Google Cloud Spanner with the Online Boutique sample](https://medium.com/google-cloud/f7248e077339)

Commit message:

:memo: Update helm instructions
add in logging and apm tracing for agent

helm-chart/README.md, after:

# Helm chart for Online Boutique

If you'd like to deploy Online Boutique via its Helm chart, you could leverage the following instructions.

**Warning:** Online Boutique's Helm chart is currently experimental. If you have feedback or run into issues, let us know inside [GitHub Issue #1319](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/issues/1319) or by creating a [new GitHub Issue](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/microservices-demo/issues/new/choose).

First make sure you have followed steps 1-4 from [Quickstart Guide](./README.md).

Add the Datadog Helm Repository
```sh
helm repo add datadog https://helm.datadoghq.com
helm repo update
```

Create a Kubernetes secret with your API keys (API Key can be found inside your DD Account, Under Organisation > Access > API Keys)
```
kubectl create secret generic datadog-secret --from-literal api-key=XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
```

Review the values inside [datadog-values.yaml](./datadog-values.yaml). 


Deploy Agent with the above configuration file. (Make sure you are inside the folder /helm-chart)

```
helm install datadog-agent -f datadog-values.yaml datadog/datadog
```

Deploy the default setup of Online Boutique:
```sh
helm upgrade onlineboutique oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/online-boutique-ci/charts/onlineboutique \
    --install
```

If deployment has been successful you will be able to view the kubernetes hosts and containers on the dd platform.

Deploy advanced scenario of Online Boutique:
```sh
helm upgrade onlineboutique oci://us-docker.pkg.dev/online-boutique-ci/charts/onlineboutique \
    --install \
    --create-namespace \
    --set images.repository=us-docker.pkg.dev/my-project/containers/onlineboutique \
    --set frontend.externalService=false \
    --set redis.create=false \
    --set cartservice.database.type=spanner \
    --set cartservice.database.connectionString=projects/my-project/instances/onlineboutique/databases/carts \
    --set serviceAccounts.create=true \
    --set authorizationPolicies.create=true \
    --set networkPolicies.create=true \
    --set sidecars.create=true \
    --set frontend.virtualService.create=true \
    --set 'serviceAccounts.annotations.iam\.gke\.io/gcp-service-account=spanner-db-user@my-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com' \
    --set serviceAccounts.annotationsOnlyForCartservice=true \
    -n onlineboutique
```

For the full list of configurations, see [values.yaml](./values.yaml).

Reminder to delete your GKE cluster at the end
```
gcloud container clusters delete online-boutique \
  --project=${PROJECT_ID} --region=${REGION}
```

You could also find advanced scenarios with these blogs below:
- [Online Boutique sample’s Helm chart, to simplify the setup of advanced and secured scenarios with Service Mesh and GitOps](https://medium.com/google-cloud/246119e46d53)
- [gRPC health probes with Kubernetes 1.24+](https://medium.com/google-cloud/b5bd26253a4c)
- [Use Google Cloud Spanner with the Online Boutique sample](https://medium.com/google-cloud/f7248e077339)
